feat(aggregation-mode): turn program IDs into a mapping (#2175)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: aggregation_mode/README.md

### Updating the program id in `AlignedProofAggregationService` contract

If the program ids have changed, you will also need to add the updated one to the `AlignedProofAggregationService` contract. You can do this by calling the `addProgramId` method with the new image ID and the verifier type number as parameters (you can check the last parameter in the VerifierType definition at `contracts/src/core/AlignedProofAggregationService.sol`).

You can fetch the program ID values from the following:

- Risc0: Use the value of `risc0_root_aggregator_image_id` from `aggregation_mode/program_ids.json`.

> - SP1: Use the value of `sp1_root_aggregator_vk_hash` from `aggregation_mode/program_ids.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Risc0: Use the value of `risc0_chunk_aggregator_image_id` from `aggregation_mode/program_ids.json`.
- SP1: Use the value of `sp1_chunk_aggregator_vk_hash` from `aggregation_mode/program_ids.json`.
```
